Integral Theory was inspired by the recognition of a perennial wisdom, a philosophy of life
as a journey towards developing higher capacities of self-recognition. This
seems to be a basis, or esoteric starting point, linking nearly all world religion
and philosophy, being all at once a truly global spirituality. This wisdom have
been conveyed to us, over the years, in the form of myth and magic. In metaphorical
terms. It is okay for you to use those systems, and it is okay for you to abandon them.
The journey of consciousness development is entirely compatible with, and available for,
the rational scientific atheist mindset. You, on the other hand, must be willing to 
accept your own conclusions, that the human mind evolved first to believe in magic and 
tell legends and stories, long before rationality become a mode. There can be no end to 
the academic discussion of history and literature, but what we can walk away with is the 
recognition that religion, spirituality, and mysticism are important to the human psyche.
What I would like to suggest, then, is that you do indeed throw out all of myth and lore and 
legend. Don't believe anything. That's what I do. But do understand that, if you can learn 
to get out of the way, your own psyche is a factory that produces magic and myth and lore.
It produces you, in fact. You are lore. The you system includes a psyche and some lore. 
And now, understand that if it is your desire to understand your true nature, to see it directly,
to experience it as your self and your mind, it will then be possible for you to begin to 
be a uniquely moral character. This is the nature of Integrity. If the ego can be reprogrammed to
stop behaving instinctually, guided by programming (or lore), it can be taught to 
see itself at all times. It will come to treat itself, and others, with absolute fairness. 
It will have achieved the true objectivity that is its hallmark. But at this point, it is so 
neutral that it should hardly even be considered ego anymore. It is free of reaction. It is 
creative. The guide to moral behavior is not a code or set of rules, it is an ever 
evolving system of intuitive self-knowledge, requiring conscious participation. The habits of 
morality are built, the system conforms. A person is now enabled to be their psyche.
Are you there? If you are there, then you know how to get there. It's a decision that you make.
You have vetted yourself out, you have taken the time and built the trust and you know that you 
can be loved and you are worthy to participate in the evolution. It happens the moment you 
can commit yourself to yourself, to decide that you aren't going to allow anything to hold you 
back. It isn't about doing great things or being great. It's just simple morality.
It's about spending a long time as a human being, going through all the motions, and realizing...
you know what? I like integrity. I like people who care whether they are good or bad people.
I like people who face problems. I like people with agency, accountability, a 
sense of humor, a sense of respect and humility. I value those. I act that way, and I 
expect to be treated that way. I'm going to spend my time around people who are that way.
I deserve to be around Integrity, I am person of Integrity. I don't have time for shit 
without Integrity. So, how do we know whether what we claim is so?
I offer you humbly everything about me and my goals. It's all here. Eventually.
And so here is a vehicle of Integrity that is open to collaboration. Just let us 
know how we can assist you with your career or personal integration.

DEVELOPMENT
Turquoise has such an engrained sense of developmental dynamics that it is trivial to 
observe that a process exists at a particular stage of its execution. Stein Unlimited
always evolves. There's a basic tendency to advance the story. We embrace this as 
moral and permissible. You give yourself permission. You stop holding yourself back.
You are who you want to be. There is no meantime. The process is started, and it is 
moving. You know the way. You do. I'm giving you permission. Let yourself go. Let 
yourself be. Let it all happen. I'm here to sing and dance. What are you here for?

SPIRITUALITY
Human beings have the capacity to identify as, or to order the self system reflexively,
as one of four major containers. These are personality, ego, psyche, and consciousness.
Each of these can be considered the nature of the human self, and debate over the nature 
and existence of these levels of consciousness has been endlessly discussed in the literatures
of philosophy, psychology, and mysticism. Unfortunately, most people are only capable of
recognizing their affinity with personality and ego, and so the deeper levels can only be hinted at.
The psyche includes material that is subconscious, or that you direct your attention away from,
or devalue. This gives you the illusion of being qualitatively optimal, as the personality-identified
self will pursue endless methods of fighting off criticism and curating their blamelessness and victimhood.
The ego identity will reconcile these negative tendencies with self awareness. It sees itself acting like 
a baby idiot so it cuts it out. But the ego is not aware that it is chafing itself when it does that.
To align with the total psyche, and thus to be ego-aware, is a process of listening to oneself,
allowing oneself, exploring oneself. This play can extend to relationships, people, environments, locations,
but at base, it is the relationship one has with oneself, and the matter of who a person spends their time around 
becomes extremely sensitive and pertinent. Alignment between ego and psyche is 
essentially the nature of what is experienced to be a meaningful life. And finally,
the exploration of the psyche brings us into contact, ultimately, with the Source.
The ground. Consciousness itself as itself only. This is the deepest series of levels,
and it is not easy to sustain. A person identified purely with consciousness understands
that reality and consciousness are one spirit, the spirit of the created manifestation, the spirit 
of myself, the simple feeling of being. This rare experience seems to cause people a sense 
of ultimate freedom from struggle and conflict, or so they claim. They claim that this 
experience is like waking up from some ultimate dream into some ultimate reality. They call 
it enlightenment often. This is an ability of the mind that can be measured with modern 
equipment, and sure enough, only very advanced meditators and some neural-divergent 
individuals have the capacity to experience the enlightened brain state. And these individuals 
train themselves to inhabit that brain state as much as possible, identifying with pure 
consciousness itself, and teaching that to others. And listen, my only claim here, is that this much, 
what I've said, is as real as it seems. You want to say it's pointless, it's not the future, 
that's fine. You can't really know what it's all about if you haven't done the experiment of the 
meditative practice under the sufficient contraints of the experiment. That's fine. 
I'm just saying that this is the language. These are the concepts. If you're agreeing that 
enlightenment does exist and is dumb and pointless, then we are on the same page. 
Whether it is dumb and pointless is a matter of personal affinity. It could be seen as some 
ultimate goal by the body, the person, the mind, the psyche. To consciousness, it is just a matter of 
fact. This is how reality is. It says forever. Wherever you are at in that path, in that chain,
I'm just saying, the actual matter of fact nature of experience or reality itself may or may not 
seem relevant to you. But, if you keep walking that path, keep climbing that chain, I think
you'll start to see why it matters eventually. You do not have to take my word for it, though.
All I'm proposing here is a way to talk about these things without myth and magic and tradition,
and to have a language to speak while we dicker over the particulars, or the point, or the meaningful
or value. Just to have the discussion is the point. You're engaging with Turquoise.